[Music]
hey what's up ladies Chanel Beauty 87
coming to you today with my reveal of my
hinge method quick weave this is a
method I invented for my ladies with
thinning edges are hard to grow hair as
a nice protective style so this is my
braiding pattern I just part my hair
where I plan on having my invisible part
and braid about four or five braids down
my right and left side and just sprayed
the remaining hair going straight back
keep in mind these braids will be neater
if they're on my client but my hair is
extremely thick so the products I'm
gonna be using are the Salon Pro 30
second weave wonder wrap an application
brush I'm just gonna be applying that on
to my brush and saturating my hair where
I'm gonna have my invisible part
[Music]
be sure that you are putting enough on
your hair so that when you do apply the
glue it doesn't seep through to your
natural hair so next I'm going to be
using my Vidal Sassoon three-piece hair
dryer and I'm gonna just take off my
attachment and blow drys out for about
10 to 15 minutes on medium heat I really
like this type of blow dryer for
african-american textured hair because
it really gets it dry and straight in
the most lowest heat setting
[Music]
next I'm gonna be applying my it's a 10
leave-in conditioner as well as my
jamaican black castor oil the reason I
do this is because it's always a good
idea to moisturize your scalp before
installing any weaves this allows
maximum growth potential and keeps the
hair really soft and shiny as well so
now that my girlf attacks solution is
dried you can kind of see how it dries
into a nice hard surface next I'm going
to be using a shower cap and two
stocking caps and as well as a one
duckbill clip this just helps my wig cap
not slide back and just kind of hold it
in place
[Music]
after I'm done measuring my wife and a
tie my glue I'm just gonna begin
applying my webs towards the nape of my
neck and you shape
[Music]
so now that I'm close to the top of my
head this is the reason why I place the
duckbill clip so I know exactly where my
part is gonna be and I can just lay in
my tracks in a u-shape around that it's
very simple very easy
[Music]
so as you can see I've completed my u
part wig and now I'm just gonna brush
the hair and take the cap off and pull
out the shower cap from underneath and
this is what your wig should look like
so now that I've got the plastic feel
from underneath I'm just gonna line up
my ways where my part is going to be and
I'm just showing you ladies what it
looks like on the side next thing that
you need is a nylon thread and a
c-shaped sewing needle and I'm just
gonna begin sewing around that u part
shape this goes very quickly only takes
about five minutes or so I'm just doing
this using my loop stitch pull method
[Music]
and if you have any loose pieces don't
worry about it
what I normally do is start back
stitching once I get to the opposite
side of where I started just so I can
make sure to sew down any bombs any
lumps and makes for a smooth install now
that I finished moving out my unit I'm
just going to take my scissors and cut
off any excess cap and as you can see
when it pops open underneath the girl
Patek solution actually holds the thread
in place and then I'm able to just go
ahead and start my invisible part stay
tuned for part two completing my hinge
method quickly
[Music]